fix(css): plug color-scheme meta tag info on CSS pages (#38202)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/color-scheme/index.md

}
```

> Along with the above CSS, also use the [`<meta name="color-scheme">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta/name#color-scheme) HTML {{HTMLElement("meta")}} tag to inform user agents about the desired color scheme of the page immediately before CSS in the page is loaded. The meta tag helps prevent unwanted screen flashes during the page load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with the above CSS, also include the [`<meta name="color-scheme">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta/name#color-scheme) HTML {{HTMLElement("meta")}} tag in the {{htmlelement("head")}}, before any CSS style information, to inform user agents about the preferred color scheme,  helping prevent unwanted screen flashes during the page load.
```
